In this lecture we will create the contact page for our website.
Most of the code we write in this lecture will go into our contact.
First let's say that the style attribute to our div we will assign the div a visibility of Hedden a
top value of 400 pixels a less value of 25 percent and a position value of absolute.
Then we will add an H1 heading element that will display the word contact at the top of this section
so that users know that they are on the Contact section of our Web site.
We will give our Each one element a star a latch a beaut with a with value of 100 percent text a line
value of center and a color of white.
Next we will add a div that will be the container for form.
We will give it a star lache U-Boot with a with value of eight hundred pixels and a clear value of both
inside of this div we will put the code for a form.
We will add an opening and closing form tag and give our form the action and method attributes for the
action.
We will give it a value of a javascript function that we will write call display alert and for the method
attribute we will add a value of post inside of the form we will add an unworded list.
Let's say I add an opening and closing UL tag we will add the style attribute to the opening UL tag
and give it the list style type attribute with a value of None.
We will let our first item using the ally tag inside of the opening ally tag.
We will add the style attribute with a color value of white then between the opening and closing ally
tags will put the label for our input field which will be email followed by an input element for input
tag we will give it a type attribute with a value of text an ID attribute with a value of email and
a class attribute with a value of form input field as the next list item.
We will add a space.
We can do so using the character combination of ampersand and S P which stands for non-breaking space.
Essentially a blank line underneath our content.
Don't forget the semi-colon at the end of the character combination.
Next up is the subject input field.
We will add another list item with an input element inside of it.
The label for this input field will be subject and we will give the idea of value of subject.
Then we will add another space as a list item as the third list item.
We will add a text area where the user can type the body of their email.
The text area will have a rose value for a column value of 50 and an ID of body.
Then we will add a space after that we will add a submit button to our form.
It will be an input element with a type value if submit a name of submit and a value of submit.
Note that the value is the label that will be displayed on the button.
Next we need to write the javascript function we referenced earlier which we call display alert.
We will go to our script element and add dysfunction below the other code we have there.
We will use the function keyword and call our function display alert.
We will create three variables one to store the email address input one to store the subject line input
and one to store the message body and put our first variable we will name email address and we will
use the document get element by ID function to get the value of the email address the user types and
our second variable be called subject line and will get the value of the subject that the user types
in our third variable will be called message body and will get the value of the message body that the
user typed into the text area for the body of the message.
Then we will create an alert message variable that will store all of the information to display to the
user.
We will do our string concatenation and formatting during this step.
Then we will call javascript alert function and pass in the Alert message variable we created.
Finally we can run our code
after entering values in each of the fields and hitting the submit button.
We should see an alert pop up at the top of our web page with the information we typed in in the next
lecture.
We will recap what we learned in this section of the course.